Alter the gamma settings to make the game brighter or darker.
If you set the game difficulty to Peaceful, your health will automatically regenerate, and no monsters will come out at night!
Feed a bone to a wolf to tame it. You can then make it sit or follow you.
Sleeping in a bed at night will fast forward the game to dawn.
Harvest pork chops from pigs, and cook and eat them to regain health.
Harvest leather from cows, and use it to make armor.
If you have an empty bucket, you can fill it with milk from a cow, or water, or lava!
Use a hoe to prepare areas of ground for planting.
Spiders won't attack you during the day - unless you attack them.
Digging soil or sand with a spade is faster than with your hand!
Eating cooked pork chops gives more health than eating raw pork chops.
Make some torches to light up areas at night. Monsters will avoid the areas around these torches.
Get to destinations faster with a minecart and rail!
Plant some saplings and they'll grow into trees.
Pigmen won't attack you, unless you attack them.
You can change your game spawn point and skip to dawn by sleeping in a bed.
Hit those fireballs back at the Ghast!
Building a portal will allow you to travel to another dimension - The Nether.
Use the right tool for the job!
If you can't find any coal for your torches, you can always make charcoal from trees in a furnace.
Digging straight down or straight up is not a great idea.
Bonemeal can be used as a fertilizer, and can make things grow instantly!
Creepers explode when they get close to you!
Obsidian is created when water hits a lava source block.
Cobblestone is resistant to Ghast fireballs, making it useful for guarding portals.
Light sources will melt snow and ice. This includes torches, glowstone, and Jack-O-Lanterns.
A single bucket of lava can be used in a furnace to smelt 100 blocks.
The instrument played by a note block depends on the material beneath it.
Zombies and Skeletons can survive daylight if they are in water.
Wolves cannot enter the Nether.
Wolves won't attack Creepers.
Chickens lay an egg every 5 to 10 minutes.
Obsidian can only be mined with a diamond pickaxe.
Creepers are the easiest obtainable source of gunpowder.
Placing two chests side by side will make one large chest.
Tame wolves show their health with the position of their tail. Feed them meat to heal them.
Cook cactus in a furnace to get green dye.
Stackable fences are in the game now!
Music by C418!
Creepers were born from a coding bug.
Is it a chicken or is it a duck?
Did you know there's a Minecraft Wiki?
